#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
3802ICT Assignment 1
\end_layout

\begin_layout Author
Lachlan Roberts, s5088947
\end_layout

\begin_layout Description
Created in C++ and OpenGL (with libraries FreeGlut and IrrKlang)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Part*
Describes
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section*
Game-play
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The objective of the game is to destroy asteroids as they spawn on the screen.
 This is achieved by ramming your ship into the asteroid.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section*
Controls
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The player controls a small ship using the keyboard.
 The 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

w
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 key accelerates the ship in the direction it is currently facing.
 The 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

a
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 key rotates the ship to the left, and the 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

d
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 key rotates the ship to the right.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section*
Scoring
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The player is awarded points for colliding with asteroids.
 The player is awarded a single point per asteroid collided with.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
